docs: Update readme instructions (#108)
terraform-ibm-modules/stack-retrieval-augmented-generation: README.md

## Objective and benefits

This deployable architecture is designed to showcase a fully automated deployment of a retrieval augmented generation application through IBM Cloud Projects. It provides a flexible and customizable foundation for your own watsonx applications on IBM Cloud. This architecture deploys the following [sample application](https://github.com/IBM/gen-ai-rag-watsonx-sample-application) by default.

By using this architecture, you can accelerate your deployment and tailor it to meet your business needs and enterprise goals.

This architecture can help you achieve the following goals:

> - Establish trust: The architecture configures the IBM Cloud account to align with the compliance settings that are defined in the [IBM Cloud for Financial Services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-about) framework.

Reviewer: Hmm, the DA now references the `AI Security Guardrails 2.0` SCC profile, so maybe we should not mention FSCloud here anymore? Thoughts @vburckhardt ?

Reviewer 2: AI Security Guardrails is a superset of FsCloud, so I think we can mention both.

> - Ensure observability: The architecture provides observability by deploying services such as IBM Log Analysis, IBM Monitoring, IBM Activity Tracker, and log retention through IBM Cloud Object Storage buckets.

Reviewer: It now also deploy Event Notifications if you want to add that somewhere

    - Copy the value of the API key. You need it in the following steps.
    - In test or evaluation environments, you can grant the Administrator role on the following services
        - IAM Identity service
        - All Identity and Access enabled services
        - All Account Management services.

        To scope access to be more restrictive for a production environment, refer to the minimum permission level in the [permission tab](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/7a4d68b4-cf8b-40cd-a3d1-f49aff526eb3/architecture/Retrieval_Augmented_Generation_Pattern-5fdd0045-30fc-4013-a8bc-6db9d5447a52-global#permissions) of this deployable architecture.
- Create or have access to a signing key, which is the Base64 key that is obtained from the `gpg --gen-key` command without a passphrase (if not expired generated previously). Export the signing key by running the command `gpg --export-secret-key <email address> | base64` command. For more information about storing the key, see [Generating a GPG key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/devsecops?topic=devsecops-devsecops-image-signing#cd-devsecops-gpg-export). Copy the value of the key.

>     The signing key is not required to deploy all the Cloud resources that are created by this deployable architecture. However, the key is necessary to get the automation to build and deploy the sample application.

Reviewer 3: I did some testing as per https://github.ibm.com/GoldenEye/issues/issues/9213 issue... my findings are as follows:

Without the singing key, the sample app gets deployed successfully and after that it triggers the CI pipeline. In the CI pipeline the step `build-sign-artifact` failed due to not passing signing key but overall the CI pipeline passes anyway. 

@SirSpidey would you be able to update the text based on these findings?

>     The signing key is not required to deploy all the Cloud resources that are created by this deployable architecture. However, the key is necessary to get the automation to build and deploy the sample application.

Author: ```suggestion
    The signing key is not required to deploy the IBM Cloud resources that are created by this deployable architecture to Code Engine. However, without the key, the CI pipeline fails.
```

@rajatagarwal-ibm Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Thanks - I'll just add that the application itself deploys, but the pipeline is marked as failed to indicate that the signing step did not complete successfully.

> - [Install or update ](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cli?topic=cli-getting-started) the IBM Cloud CLI.

Reviewer: The CLI isnt actually needed here, and all our steps are for using the UI to deploy the stack, so should we remove this line (and the one under this)?

Reviewer 2: Yes

- Optional: Install the IBM Cloud CLI Project plug-in by running the `ibmcloud plugin install project` command. For more information, see the [Project CLI reference](/docs/cli?topic=cli-projects-cli).

## Add the architecture to a project

> 

Reviewer: There is now 2 variations, so we may want to tweek the wording here
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7f87b81e-1cec-40d5-93f7-780cd609067a)

### Monitoring the CI pipeline

After the architecture is deployed, the sample application starts in the newly provisioned DevOps service.

To monitor the build and deployment of the application, follow these steps:

1.  Access the DevOps Toolchains view by navigating to [DevOps > Toolchains](https://cloud.ibm.com/devops/toolchains) in the target account.
1.  Select the resource group and region where the infrastructure was deployed. The resource group name is based on the prefix and `resource_group_name` inputs of the deployable architecture.
1.  Select the **RAG Sample App-CI-Toolchain**.
    ![Toolchain](./images/min/8-toolchain.png)
1.  In the toolchain view, select **ci-pipeline** in delivery pipeline.
    ![Toolchain](./images/min/9-pipeline.png)
5.  Look for the status of the CI pipeline execution in the **rag-webhook-trigger** section.

### Verifying the sample application

After the CI pipeline completes, you can access the application in the created [Code Engine project](https://cloud.ibm.com/codeengine/projects).

### Enabling Watson Assistant

After the application is built and is running in Code Engine, enable Watson Assistant in the app.

> To complete the installation, follow the steps that are outlined in the [Configuration steps for watsonx Assistant artifacts](https://github.com/IBM/gen-ai-rag-watsonx-sample-application/blob/main/artifacts/artifacts-README.md) file in the gen-ai-rag-watsonx-sample-application GitHub project.

Reviewer: @brendankellyibm is this still necessary?

Reviewer 4: I don't believe so - none of the Discovery pieces are applicable to Elastic Search installations, and we seem to have the assistant skills in the DA already. @ajainghub might be able to confirm. If so, we need to clean up that doc file too.

### Sharing modified stacks through a private IBM Cloud catalog

After you modify your deployable architecture in projects, you can share it with others through a private IBM Cloud catalog. To share your deployable architecture, follow the steps in [Sharing your deployable architecture to your enterprise](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/secure-enterprise?topic=secure-enterprise-share-custom).

### Customizing your application

You can use the code of this sample automation as a guide to customize the sample app to meet your requirements. The code is available at [https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-rag-sample-da](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-rag-sample-da).

To use your own app, remove the `Workload - Sample RAG App Configuration` member configuration from the stack. This member configuration is specific to the default sample app.

## Undeploying the stack and infrastructure

1.  Clean up the configuration

    This step is optional if you plan to destroy all Watson resources. The artifacts that are created by the application are deleted as part of undeploying the Watson resources.

>     Follow the steps outlined in the [cleanup.md](https://github.com/IBM/gen-ai-rag-watsonx-sample-application/blob/main/artifacts/artifacts-cleanup.md) file to remove the configuration for the sample app.

Reviewer: @brendankellyibm are these steps still needed?

Reviewer 4: The assistant should be removed with the undeploy of the app config DA, so I don't think this is needed any more.

1.  Delete resources created by the CI toolchain

    The following resources, which are created by the toolchain, are not destroyed as part of undeploying the stack in Project.

    - Code Engine Project

>         - Delete the code engine project created for the sample application.

Reviewer: You no longer need to manually do this - the code engine projects are now managed by terraform in the latest version
